manifest: sdk-zephyr: [nrf fromtree] drivers: nrf_qspi_nor: Fix EXTXIP + Flash write race c… (#28688)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bootloaders and DFU
===================

* Added support for the new LCS API to control bootloader behavior.
  When this API is enabled, the bootloader can skip signature verification in early LCS states and abort the boot process in the decommissioned state.

* Fixed a possible race condition when code executed in place from external Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) flash while an incoming firmware image was written to the same device.

>   Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NORDIC_QSPI_NOR_XIP_FLASH_SCHED_LOCK` Kconfig option to serialize flash program and erase operations with other threads when XIP from that flash is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a possible race condition when code executes in place from external Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) flash while an incoming firmware image is written to the same device.
  Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NORDIC_QSPI_NOR_XIP_FLASH_SCHED_LOCK` Kconfig option.
  This option serializes flash program and erase operations with other threads when XIP from that flash is enabled.
```

* Fixed DTS support for nRF5340 network core images when :ref:`b0n <bootloader>` was enabled.

> * Fixed a possible race condition when code executes in place from external Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) flash while an incoming firmware image is written to the same device.
>   Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NORDIC_QSPI_NOR_XIP_FLASH_SCHED_LOCK` Kconfig option. This option serializes flash program and erase operations with other threads when XIP from that flash is enabled.
>   Sysbuild enables this option automatically for sysbuild-based projects that use the :ref:`QSPI XIP split image <qspi_xip_split_image>` feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a possible race condition when code executes in place from external Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) flash while an incoming firmware image is written to the same device.
  Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NORDIC_QSPI_NOR_XIP_FLASH_SCHED_LOCK` Kconfig option.
  This option serializes flash program and erase operations with other threads when XIP from that flash is enabled.
  Sysbuild enables this option automatically for sysbuild-based projects that use the :ref:`QSPI XIP split image <qspi_xip_split_image>` feature.
```

Reviewer 2: Still not fixed?
